---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: A Fast and More Efficient Future!
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2018-01-17
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---

## Goal  
My goal is to solve problems and make people's lives easier wherever I go. I know that software engineering can provide me with utilities I need to get things done as quickly and accurately as possible. I believe that boring tedious tasks like compiling statistics should be left for the computers to handle while we can focus our efforts on studying and improving our technology. Wherever I end up going, I hope to use my knowledge of computer science to help solve other's problems and allow them to have more time to do other things they are interested in. 

## Interests  
Currently, I am interested in pursuing a something related to computer architecture. Learning about how a central processing units work is fascinating to me and I am eager to learn more about them and how they have improved from the past. I wish to improve that field and continue to make processors more powerful and efficient along with keeping their cost down. In my field of interest, I am required to use my software engineering skills to create and run simulations to ensure quality performance in the stuff I make.

I am also interested in engine development as well. I enjoy playing videogames on my free time and I have always admired how smoothly  games ran, and how realistic some of the sounds and graphics were. There were moments where I had just taken the time to stop what I was doing just to admire the graphics and sound, and how aesthetically pleasing everything was. Whether its the detail on a leaf hanging on a tree as I walk through the woods, or the sound of a bullet whizzing through my ears as I'm running into a battlefield, being able to imagine myself in such a realistic environment is what I really enjoy about videogames. These experiences sparked my interests to become an engine developer to learn how to create such an immersive experience for others to enjoy.   

## Hope  
I hope to be fluent in C, C++, Verilog, Python, Javascript, and scripting to help me pursue my dream and gain experience in the computer architecture field. I also wish to gain more experience in back-end development because I want to learn how to makes things run faster and more efficient. I am eager to use my software engineering skills to aid me and my colleagues and will be looking forward to create a better more efficient society with them. 
