---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: A Glimpse of Javascript
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2018-01-17
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Javascript
---

## First Impressions on Javascript  
  Currently, I think Javascript is a really clean language to use. When I first started doing the Javascript code camp exercises, I noticed that it like C; the syntax was very similar to C therefore I was able to grasp the language pretty quickly. As I am doing these training excercises, I immediately noticed that datatypes were non-existent. It took some time for me to train my hands not to put the datatype down as I'm declaring a variable but eventually I got used to it. Javascript felt very familiar to me because I had some experience with C and C++, and I am eager to learn more about what the language is capable of doing.  
  
## My opinion on the language  
  After fiddling with Javascript for about a week, I have mixed feelings about it. I like how we don't have to worry about datatypes however I am worried that in the future, there might be a bug that is caused by an underlying datatype issue and I would imagine that it would be an adventure to fix. I feel like Javascript is a really good beginner language to learn from a software engineering perspective. I believe that it should be used to give people a taste of what programming is like and to see if they are really interested in software engineering. Afterwards, I feel like people should branch out explore other languages and experience what each language's potential are.        
  
## Workout of the Day (WODs)  
  This programming class is very unique in a way that it puts you under stress every week and tests your ability to program under pressure. I feel like the WODs are an excellent way of learning a programming language because it makes you use that language and get more practice out of it. The WODs are indeed very stressful, however they are also very enjoyable because it gives a sense of reward whenever you're able to tackle something down. To me, the WODs reminds me of working as an expo in a busy restaurant. You're on a time limit for every customer orders and you have to make sure that every dish that leaves the kitchen is correct and presentable. On top of that, you can't slow down or make any mistakes because there are more orders flooding in and you have to keep track of how long each customer hasa been waiting for their food. Similarly, these WODs are on a time limit and you have to make sure that your program is correct and it runs properly. In addition, any mistakes drag you closer and closer that time limit. I feel like the WODs will help for me because it tests my abiliities to work under pressure and simulate actual coding problems in intereviews. Overall, I like these WODs because its a good way to prepare you to geet use to working under pressure.  
